README.md, before:

## Hi there 👋

## My Projects

### iOS app
- 🍏 [SnapSort](https://github.com/LycheeeLu/SnapSort) — Sort/find screenshots by text recognition (Swift)  
- 🍏 [VocabGrab](https://github.com/LycheeeLu/VocabGrab) — (Swift)  

### LLM AI
- 🤖 [UniPath-AI-Agent](https://github.com/LycheeeLu/UniPath-AI-Agent) — LLM-powered resume/program/professor matching (Python)  
- 🤖 [LLMRouter](https://github.com/LycheeeLu/LLMRouter) — Route questions to the right agent + benchmark classifier (Python)
- 🤖/🔎 [SpecSearch_RAG_LLM](https://github.com/LycheeeLu/SpecSearch_RAG_LLM) — Search large, confidential technical documents (Python) with LLM query suggestion + summarization
- 🤖/🧩 [Group-Task-Management-Board](https://github.com/LycheeeLu/Group-Task-Management-Board) — Full-stack task board CI/CD pipleine with LLM helper in recommending to-do (TypeScript)  

### Text search
- 🔎 [SpecSearch_RAG_LLM](https://github.com/LycheeeLu/SpecSearch_RAG_LLM) — Search large, confidential technical documents (Python)  
- 🔎 [lucene-text-search-demo](https://github.com/LycheeeLu/lucene-text-search-demo) — (HTML)  

### Data visualization
- 📊 [data-visualization---yelp-review-and-rating-analysis](https://github.com/LycheeeLu/data-visualization---yelp-review-and-rating-analysis) — (Python)  
- 📊 [VideoEmoji](https://github.com/LycheeeLu/VideoEmoji) — Real-time emoji visualization for live streams (Vue)  

### React Native app
- 📱 [Trailii](https://github.com/LycheeeLu/Trailii) — Travel planner (React / HTML)  + firebase + googleMap api + optimization route algorithm
- 📱 [auto-car-nav](https://github.com/LycheeeLu/auto-car-nav-1.0) — Bluetooth Arduino car controller (React Native / TS)

### IoT pipeline 
- 🧱 [barbecue-master](https://github.com/LycheeeLu/barbecue-master) — IoT pipeline + dashboard (JavaScript)  

### Game
- 🏠 [BuiltYourHouse](https://github.com/LycheeeLu/BuiltYourHouse) — House layout + furniture arrangement (Makefile) built with Qt (C++)

Commit message:

Revise VocabGrab project description in README
Updated project description for VocabGrab to include details about its functionality as a macOS menu bar utility.

README.md, after:

# Hi there 👋 

## My Projects

### iOS app
- 🍏 [SnapSort](https://github.com/LycheeeLu/SnapSort) — Sort/find screenshots by text recognition (Swift)  
- 🍏 [VocabGrab](https://github.com/LycheeeLu/VocabGrab) — (Swift) macOS menu bar utility using AppKit and SwiftUI hybrid architecture  to read focused UI elements and selected text from foreground applications and with global hotkey handling to record new vocab/sentences in a system file
### LLM AI
- 🤖 [UniPath-AI-Agent](https://github.com/LycheeeLu/UniPath-AI-Agent) — LLM-powered resume/program/professor matching (Python)  
- 🤖 [LLMRouter](https://github.com/LycheeeLu/LLMRouter) — Route questions to the right agent + benchmark classifier (Python)
- 🤖/🔎 [SpecSearch_RAG_LLM](https://github.com/LycheeeLu/SpecSearch_RAG_LLM) — Search large, confidential technical documents (Python) with LLM query suggestion + summarization
- 🤖/🧩 [Group-Task-Management-Board](https://github.com/LycheeeLu/Group-Task-Management-Board) — Full-stack task board CI/CD pipleine with LLM helper in recommending to-do (TypeScript)  

### Text search
- 🔎 [SpecSearch_RAG_LLM](https://github.com/LycheeeLu/SpecSearch_RAG_LLM) — Search large, confidential technical documents (Python)  
- 🔎 [lucene-text-search-demo](https://github.com/LycheeeLu/lucene-text-search-demo) — (HTML)  

### Data visualization
- 📊 [data-visualization---yelp-review-and-rating-analysis](https://github.com/LycheeeLu/data-visualization---yelp-review-and-rating-analysis) — (Python)  
- 📊 [VideoEmoji](https://github.com/LycheeeLu/VideoEmoji) — Real-time emoji visualization for live streams (Vue)  

### React Native app
- 📱 [Trailii](https://github.com/LycheeeLu/Trailii) — Travel planner (React / HTML)  + firebase + googleMap api + optimization route algorithm
- 📱 [auto-car-nav](https://github.com/LycheeeLu/auto-car-nav-1.0) — Bluetooth Arduino car controller (React Native / TS)

### IoT pipeline 
- 🧱 [barbecue-master](https://github.com/LycheeeLu/barbecue-master) — IoT pipeline + dashboard (JavaScript)  

### Game
- 🏠 [BuiltYourHouse](https://github.com/LycheeeLu/BuiltYourHouse) — House layout + furniture arrangement (Makefile) built with Qt (C++)
